---
title: 
author: Mitsuki Youko
date_created: YYYY-MM-DD
tag: 
blurb:
---

# Heading

Content

Tag Categories:

    Technical Writing - techwriting
        - These are tutorials / How to's (INDIVIDUAL TOPICS)
    Projects - projects
        - Why should it have its own category instead of being lumped with technical writing? probs cus its easier to find..
    Cy & Den - cyandden / cyanddenmanga
        - Technical writing but with security inputs from cy and den. (TAG: cyandden)
        - Cy and Den manga? but what would the topics be? (TAG: cyanddenmanga - this makes all pics 100% WIDTH perfect for Manga!)
        
    Ethical Hacking - ethicalhacking
        - Ethical hacking How to's
    Scripts - scripts
        - Scripts that i made and script breakdowns
    Misc - misc
        - Behind-the-Scenes & Personal Development, Explorations & Experiments, Industry News & Analysis (Outside of Specific How-Tos)

NOTE: 

0. The blurb is a 10 word blurb describing briefly what the blogpost is about

1. When making a new page, remember to run this to compile the pages:
npm run server

2. Then double check with
npm run build

3. Then do your git stuff
git add .
git commit -m "update note"
git push -u origin

4. Then deploy it with:
npm run deploy

---

npm run server && npm run build && git add .
git commit -m "update note"
git push -u origin && npm run deploy

---

If you accidentally commited a file that is too big, remove it with this and then recommit:

git filter-branch -f --tree-filter 'rm -f /path/to/file' HEAD --all

---

Add Callouts like so (these are custom CSS callouts that have been styled!):

<div class="callout-note">
  <strong>NOTE:</strong>
  <p>This is a custom NOTE! text texttext texttext texttext texttext texttext text<p>
  <p>more stuff here<p>
</div>

<br>

<div class="callout-warning">
  <strong>Warning:</strong>
  <p>This is a custom warning!<p>
  <p>more stuff here<p>
</div>

<br>
text

---

You can now add callouts and stuff like expandables like this!!

You can use headers here!!
<details>
<summary><h2>See Here</h2></summary>
  Sometimes with a root user, things might not work properly. So creating a new user with sudo permission is a better option.
</details>

---

<details>

<summary>Click me</summary>

| Header 1 | Header 2 |
| -------- | -------- |
| Row 1    | Row 1    |
| Row 2    | Row 2    |
  
</details>

---
<details>
<summary>Title for expand section</summary>

Content inside the expandable section.

Examples: https://gist.github.com/pierrejoubert73/902cc94d79424356a8d20be2b382e1ab

Can include *markdown* too!
</details>

----

<details>
  <summary>Click me</summary>
  
  ### Heading
  1. Foo
  2. Bar
     * Baz
     * Qux

  ### Some Javascript
  ```js
  function logSomething(something) {
    console.log('Something', something);
  }
  ```
</details>

---

If you want the dropdown to be opened:

<details open>
  <summary>Hello</summary>
  World!
</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Contents of <code>file.txt</code></summary>

```
[File contents inside code block]
```
</details>

---

YOU CAN EMBED YOUTUBE VIDEOS NOW!!!!

Go to a youtube video, click share > embed, and paste the link much like so into your blogpost!!

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PoinMs_YceQ?si=WD21TBAGAjaO5SqH" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

--- 

AND you can use anchors!!

## Table of Contents
<a href="#section1">Jump to Section 1</a>

## <a id="section1"></a>Section 1
Content here...